Sukkhi Jewellery Set for Women
3.6
EX$23
from India
to Antigua and Barbuda
in 15+ days
At your doorstep by May 10  to Jun 01 with standard delivery
Description
Contains : 1 Necklace + 1 Pair of Earring + 1 Maangtikka.
Dimension : Necklace Length - 16 cm| Necklace Width - 12 cm| Earring Length - 5 cm| Earring Width - 3 cm| Maangtikka Length - 12 cm| Maangtikka Width - 3 cm.
Traditional Kundan & Pearl Gold Plated Choker Necklace Set for Women will complement any Indian attire. Women Love Jewelry as it not only enhances their beauty, but also gives them the social confidence. Make your moment memorable with this range. This jewel set features a unique one of a kind traditional embellish with antic finish. Earrings are very easy to use being lightweight and has a design which makes it very comfortable..
Superior Quality & Skin Friendly: High Quality as per International Standards that makes it very skin friendly. It has been made from toxic free materials Anti-Allergic and Safe for Skin. It can be worn over long time periods without any complains of ach and swelling. Made from Premium Quality Material this product assures to remain in its Original Glory even after years of usage..
Perfect Gift : Ideal Valentine, Birthday, Anniversary gift your loved ones. Women love jewellery; specially traditional jewellery adore a women. They wear it on different occasion They have special importance on ring ceremony, wedding and festive time. They can also wear it on regular basics..
Sukkhi began with a vision to provide quality and trendy fashion jewellery products to consumers at competitive prices. We exist to Craft High Quality and appealing Ethnic Jewellery. 100% Genuine Quality Product. For more product options, please visit our store. Please ensure you choose "Sold by Cloudtail India or Sukkhi Fashion Jewellery" for Original and Good Quality Product..
Usage: Avoid of contact with water and organic chemicals i.e. perfume sprays. Avoid using velvet boxes, and store in air-tight boxes. After use, wipe the jewellery with soft cotton cloth. First wear your makeup, perfume - then wear your jewellery. This will keep your jewellery shining for years..
Imported from INDIA.
Full description not available

Show